#!! PLEASE READ THIS AFTER ATTEMPTING THE GAME !!

<h3> This is the complete paragraph. I hope it shows you how far or close you were from guessing the game! </h3>

<h4>Source: KCSE 2018: ENGLISH PAPER 2 QUESTION 1</h4>

<h5>Read the passage below and then answer the questions that follow.</h5>
</hr>

<p>In life, we meet and learn from three different kinds of disciplines. The first and probably the most important is that which we might call the Discipline of Nature or of Reality. This type of discipline requires that when people choose to do the wrong things, they will get the wrong results. If, for instance, a musician hits the wrong key, he or she hears the wrong note. If the nail is not squarely hit on the head, it bends and it therefore has to be pulled out. People meet the Discipline of Nature every time they try to do something. 
This is why it is so important in school to give students more chances to do things, instead of just reading or listening to someone talk. This discipline is a good teacher. The learner never has to wait long for the answer, it usually comes quickly, often instantly. The answer is often clear, and it points towards the needed correction. This way, the learner does not only see that what was done is wrong, but also why, and what they need to do instead. Finally, and most importantly, the giver of the answer, call her Nature’ is impersonal. impartial and indifferent. She does not give opinions or make judgment. 
With Nature, one always gets an opportunity to start afresh, this time with the intention of doing things right. The next type of discipline is the Discipline of Culture. 
Man is a social and cultural animal. 
Everyone, thus, senses around them this discipline, this network of agreements, customs, habits and rules binding the society together. 
People always seek to understand the society and be part of it. 
They watch very carefully what other people around them are doing and wish to do the same. 
These unwritten rules regarding how to act in specific situations are called social norms. 
Social norms help delineate what is acceptable behaviour. 
For example, it is not acceptable to he loud and boisterous in a place of worship.
The third discipline is the one most people refer to when they speak of discipline — the Discipline of Superior Force. 
It is the discipline of “You do what I tell you or I’ll make you wish you had.” 
There is bound to be some of this in a person’s life. 
Living as we do surrounded by things that can hurt us and our friends, we cannot avoid the Discipline of Superior Force. 
For example, no one can let a child find out from experience the danger of playing with fire. 
So along with other precautions, the child is told not to play with fire or they will be punished.
There are situations where all the three disciplines overlap. 
We often hear people say that students will never do anything unless they are compelled to. 
But in their private lives, or in co- curricular activities in school, they often submit themselves, willingly and wholeheartedly to very intense disciplines simply because they want to learn to do a given thing well. 
So, discipline, does not only stem from authority figures such as parents and teachers but it also comes from a person’s willingness to do right.
Adapted from Connelly Mark’s The Brief Sundance Reader: Thomson Heinle, 2003</p>
